TODO.md, before:

## Todo;

- construct a flow on how to develop apps follow CDD (component driven development)
- examples: https://github.com/expo/examples
- https://blog.expo.dev/
- icons
- fonts
- https://docs.expo.dev/guides/testing-with-jest/
- auth flow
- storybook (add version v6) (https://storybook.js.org/tutorials/intro-to-storybook/react-native/en/get-started/)
- theme
- add react-query (i guess we won't ever use anything else)
- handle offline mode somehow
- add tests
- add basic onboarding flow
- add basic toast mechanism
- basic components: box, flex, etc
- typography
- button
- scrollview with easy keyboard hide
- configure typescript + eslint / tslint + prettier
- setup multiple environments
- form validations and form components
- add easy scripts to easy deploy, build and do all the necessary stuff
- add figma link on how to setup icon and splash screen to readme
- add hidden developer / admin menu
- add language switch
- how to add custom vector icons set to the app? - include this in the docs
- https://github.com/expo/expo-preview-action
- run custom snack: https://github.com/expo/snack
- https://github.com/expo/google-fonts

- easy module resolver - DONE

## Nice articles:

- https://github.com/expo/fyi
- https://www.reactnativeschool.com/
- https://brainsandbeards.com/blog/i18n-in-react-native-apps?utm_campaign=React%2BNative%2BNow&utm_medium=email&utm_source=React_Native_Now_88
- https://github.com/kadikraman/react-native-template/blob/main/template/src/hooks/useTypedNavigation.ts
- https://koprowski.it/import-alias-in-react-native-and-vscode/?utm_campaign=React%2BNative%2BNow&utm_medium=email&utm_source=React_Native_Now_83 - DONE
- https://koprowski.it/react-native-form-validation-with-react-hook-form-usecontroller/

## Other templates:

- https://github.com/ReactNativeSchool/expo-typescript-template
-

Commit message:

Add first component - Button; apply some basic styling to screens; add theme for react-navigation; add custom useColorScheme hook

TODO.md, after:

## Todo;

- add all the features that this starter has based on commits
- typescript for navigation
- ThemeProvider
- Dark / Light theme switch
- feature flags -> provider / hook and consumer with a feature name. Feature has: name, description, active
  - https://github.com/garbles/flag
  - https://github.com/romaindso/react-feature-flags
- restyle???
- construct a flow on how to develop apps follow CDD (component driven development)
- examples: https://github.com/expo/examples
- https://blog.expo.dev/
- icons
- fonts
- https://docs.expo.dev/guides/testing-with-jest/
- auth flow
- storybook (add version v6) (https://storybook.js.org/tutorials/intro-to-storybook/react-native/en/get-started/)
- theme
- add react-query (i guess we won't ever use anything else)
- handle offline mode somehow
- add tests
- add basic onboarding flow
- add basic toast mechanism
- basic components: box, flex, etc
- typography
- button
- scrollview with easy keyboard hide
- configure typescript + eslint / tslint + prettier
- setup multiple environments
- form validations and form components
- add easy scripts to easy deploy, build and do all the necessary stuff
- add figma link on how to setup icon and splash screen to readme
- add hidden developer / admin menu
- add language switch
- how to add custom vector icons set to the app? - include this in the docs
- https://github.com/expo/expo-preview-action
- run custom snack: https://github.com/expo/snack
- https://github.com/expo/google-fonts

- easy module resolver - DONE

## Nice articles:

- https://github.com/expo/fyi
- https://www.reactnativeschool.com/
- https://brainsandbeards.com/blog/i18n-in-react-native-apps?utm_campaign=React%2BNative%2BNow&utm_medium=email&utm_source=React_Native_Now_88
- https://github.com/kadikraman/react-native-template/blob/main/template/src/hooks/useTypedNavigation.ts
- https://koprowski.it/import-alias-in-react-native-and-vscode/?utm_campaign=React%2BNative%2BNow&utm_medium=email&utm_source=React_Native_Now_83 - DONE
- https://koprowski.it/react-native-form-validation-with-react-hook-form-usecontroller/

## Other templates:

- https://github.com/ReactNativeSchool/expo-typescript-template
-
